c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.dll.config
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.pdb
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.pdb
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Irakli\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.dll
C:\Users\Irakli\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Irakli\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.xml
C:\Users\Irakli\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Irakli\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.dll.config
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.pdb
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\WebGrease.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.xml
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.xml
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.dll
I:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.pdb
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.dll.config
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.pdb
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\WebGrease.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.xml
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.xml
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.dll
G:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.pdb
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.dll.config
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.pdb
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\WebGrease.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.xml
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.xml
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.dll
F:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.pdb
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.dll.config
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Univerisity_Project.pdb
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.Mvc.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\WebGrease.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.xml
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\PagedList.Mvc.xml
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.dll
E:\Univerisity_Project\Univerisity_Project\obj\Debug\Univerisity_Project.pdb
